First amateur public program upload attempt. Program not standalone executable but created and runnable in
python 2.7.1 IDLE shell environment. Contains 3 methods of solving trigonometric functions, sin, cos, tan, 
and 4 methods of solving inverse trigonometric functions, arcsin, arccos, arctan, 
as a mathematical proof of concept and verification redundancy in the form of multiple methods 
converging on the same result. Trigonometric functions and log function built from the ground up and using RLC circuit problem 
solving prompt queries as a real world test scenario for the reliability of said functions. 
Contains error identification-correction -data-reentry system to correct for syntax, logical and math errors.
Allows to solve calculation problems in a variety of ways by entering data when data is known, 
leaving queries blank with ENTER when not known, and when additional flexible prompts for additional information fail, 
or entered values unsolvable, returns to main menu. Program is for scenarios where the circuit has both reactance and resistance and phase angle cannot be 0 or multiple of 
90°(which would eliminate resistance or reactance). 
Efficient menu branching to allow the user to change their mind in mid calculation, by entering empty values 
and returning quickly to main menu, without too many follow up redundant input prompts for a calculation 
that is unsolvable due to insufficient data. Designed for users who like myself have limited knowledge of electrical engineering.

Tip: if you don't know the answer to a prompt query,
or don't want to continue with the queries for the problem you selected from the main menu, 
just press ENTER without data. 
The program will either prompt you for more information or return to the main menu depending on information you already entered(or not entered). Eg. To solve for impedance, 
the quickest way is to know the resistance and net reactance 
values if you don't know the net reactance, the program will ask you for inductive and capacitive reactance,
if you don't know those, the program will ask you for inductance, capacitance and frequency, if you know resistance or reactance assocciated values but not both, the program will ask you for the phase angle. 
But if you entered values 
for both resistance the reactance branch of queries that ultimately lead to zero net reactance, in other words, only
the reistance value is valid, the program will not ask you for the phase angle, and return to the main menu.

Explanation of trigonometric and inverse trigonometric functions and log functions:

1st set of trig functions are based on Euler's identities 
2nd set of trig functions express  angles in radians as fractional powers of
imagnary unit "i" in proportion to a full rotation of the imaginary axis 
(i^4 or 2π)
3rd set of trig functions are based on Taylor/Maclaurin power series, each term of the power series is calculated 
with and each iteration of a "for" loop, factorial functions are not defined or imported but expanded in the "for" loop. 
The inverse trig functions are based around 4 core functions, a 2 value arctan function based on inverse recursive
incremental testing of the tan function until it approximates an angle that results in an approximate of the initial 
given arctan value. This is done via a 2 tier nested loop, the inner loop increased a tan angle by a standard increment
with each iteration, the outer loop decreases the size of the constant increment with each iteration. The log
function works in a similar fashion, incrementally and recursively testing exponents of an input base via 2 tier
nested loop until the input argument/product of the log is aproximated.
The second fundamental function is a power series of log base "i", with terms centered
(z-1)^n, "z" being a normalized arctangent argument in complex form, "n" being the number of the term in the series.
The third fundamental function is a power series of log base "i" but with series terms centered at (z-i)^n.
The fouth fundamental function is an arcsin power series. Each of these 4 fundamental functions respectively has 
it's own set of 3 nested functions built on top of them for arcsin, arccos and arctan, the nested higher functions 
convert input values into a form that can be processed by the fundamental functions which they call. The
fundamental functions, thr nested higher counterpart functions, even the conditional "if" branches of the menu
and input prompts one level above, all contribute to the control and correction of the interval
and domain of the inverse trig calculations, including correction for angle quadrant.





Regards,
Jerry
